CSCB58 Project Report: Summer 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Gnanaswarup
Last Name: Srinivasan
Student Number: 1004736431
UofT E-mail Address: swarup.srinivasan@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Obaida
Last Name: Saleh
Student Number: 1005036104
UofT E-mail Address: obaida.saleh@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Jason
Last Name: Hu
Student Number: 1005349204
UofT E-mail Address: jasonn.hu@student.utoronto.ca

Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Hemant
Last Name: Bhanot
Student Number: 1005410690
UofT E-mail Address: hemant.bhanot@mail.utoronto.ca


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: J.O.S.H. Jump


Provide a one paragraph description of your project:
Inspired by Gravity Guy, J.O.S.H. Jump is a platformer game project where the player interacts with a pixelated environment by flipping the direction of the gravity of the environment (downward/upward) where the aim of the game is to help the constantly moving character avoid obstacles and complete the level.

What is your plan for the first week?
- Create character physics
- Sprite art
- Character movement
- Minor interaction between character and environment

What is your plan for the second week?
- Main menu state system
- Advanced character physics including obstacles, boosters
- System to record distance travelled, points gathered
- Simple map making system

What is your plan for the third week?
- Life system
- 8 bit sound system
- Refining obstacle-character interaction and physics
- Create maps and connection between maps via teleporter system
- Animations (level completion, death)

What is your backup plan if things don't work out as planned
Omitting week 3 work, or omitting weeks 2 and 3 work.


Weekly Reports
--------------
<In this space, provide a report each week of what worked and what didn't, and what (if any) changes were made to your proposal)>

Week 1:
    Worked out base mechanics of game
    Drew out data path of and interactions between modules
    We had trouble setting up the register system we wanted to use for the map, on Verilog, so we had to look up documentation
    Had trouble figuring out mechanics and subsequent implementation in Verilog of our first game choice, a Mario-based platformer, and we switched to a Gravity Guy-based platformer
    Worked out basic artwork for game sprites

Week 2:
    Completed large section of Datapath
    Completed large section of Control
    Completed collision physics and character movement
    Completed large section of the screen updating module, currently debugging
    Completed basic animations for character, and any sprites we are going to use
    Working on utilizing RAM and .mif files to load various maps onto the screen.
    Working on creating an efficent way to update the screen



References
----------
<In this space clearly indicate all external sources used in this project. If you used anyone else's code (from previous B58 projects or other sources) clearly indicate what you used and where you found it. Usage of any material not credited in this space will be considered plagiarism. It is absolutely OK and expected to update this section as you progress in the projected.

Make sure to document what you added on top of the existing work, especially if you work with a previous project. What is it that YOU added?>



Repo & Video
------------
<At the end of the project, provide links to your code repository and presentation video (and passwords if not public), if you don't want us to publish this info on future course websites, just say so here>
